[Music]
fifteen things that can only happen in
South Korea after visiting South Korea
some people feel like they've just come
back from another planet the locals call
their nation Goryeo which means high and
clear and this country clearly knows how
to surprise number 15 anyone born in
South Korea is classified at birth
according to their blood type
this custom originally came from Japan
and Koreans take it pretty seriously
they believe that your blood type
determined your personality and blood
type compatibility can be a very
important criterion when choosing a
potential spouse number 14 South Koreans
are crazy about sweet potatoes there you
can find this vegetable in any dish be
it the main course dessert breads salads
chips and even as a pizza topping coffee
connoisseurs can try a sweet potato
flavored latte and if you like the
authenticity of Street food there are
tons of cute sweet potato snacks sold on
every corner
but South Koreans don't just love sweet
potatoes they're also big fans of honey
butter chips that's right
potato chips covered in butter and sweet
delicious honey hmm you probably won't
have much luck buying them in a store
because they sell out fast but if you're
really determined to try these chips you
can put a bid for them on eBay where one
bag can cost as much as $100 even
McDonald's joined the craze and was
selling honey buttered flavoured french
fries for sometime
number thirteen shopping is a favorite
pastime activity in South Korea and
Seoul boasts some of the largest malls
in the whole world what's really funny
is that restaurants and cafes and bars
they're closed at 11:00 p.m. but you can
shop till 4:00 in the morning maybe
that's why the residents of salt along
with those of Tokyo when compared to
other major cities get the least amount
of sleep no more than 6 hours a night
[Music]
number 12
their Valentine's Day is a little
different from the one you're used to on
this day it's the women who express
their love to their partners so
boyfriends and husbands receive gifts
and chocolates but on the 14th of March
they celebrate so called white day this
time the men present gifts to their
lovely ladies but tradition dictates
that they spent 3 times more on this
present than the cost of the Valentine's
gift actually there are several couples
related holidays on the 14th for example
June 14th is kiss day
and on December 14th Koreans celebrate
hug day but hopefully you'll never have
to celebrate the 14th of April known as
black day that's the day when single
Koreans can warn the absence of love in
their life they do it by eating sticky
black noodles called jajangmyeon
number eleven South Korean men have a
super macho reputation to uphold
nevertheless they're simply obsessed
with cosmetics more than 20% of men use
makeup on a regular basis and the male
population in South Korea spends over
900 million on cosmetics every year a
good BB cream is a must but anti-aging
moisturizers facial cleansers and eye
creams are no less popular in Korea you
can even find TV shows about the men's
makeup and this isn't just for men in
the fashion and entertainment industries
the job market in South Korea is
extremely competitive so if a man wants
to make a good impression at a job
interview he has to wear makeup to hide
blemishes and look perfect sounds like a
lot of pressure number 10 when a baby is
born in South Korea it's already
considered one-year-old and why is this
the way they see it a newborn has
already spent nine months in its
mother's womb which is almost one year
and that's not all as soon as the new
year comes you automatically get one
year older no matter when your birthday
is so if a baby is born in December its
1 year old and in less than a month
it'll already be to talk about time
flying if you want to calculate your
Korean age just subtract your birth year
from the current year and add 1 to that
but if you're not into all the
complicated calculations if you ever
find yourself in South Korea and someone
asks you how old you are you can simply
provide the year of your birth number 9
most Koreans believe in the urban legend
that if you sleep with a fan on you will
die they think that if the windows and
doors are closed the fan will bring your
body temperature down so much that
you'll die from hypothermia plus the fan
blows the air in the room around too
fast so it's difficult to breathe and a
person can suffocate
of course not all Koreans believe in
these superstitions but if they do don't
try to persuade them otherwise it won't
work number eight surprisingly South
Koreans are by far Agis heaviest
drinkers first of all they believe that
drinking helps you get closer to others
people tend to open up after they've had
a couple of glasses of soju a
traditional hard liquor even the shyest
ones so if someone you've just met
invites you for a drink they simply want
to get to know you and break the ice
faster another reason for the high
drinking rates in Korea might lie in
easily accessible alcohol if you have a
proper ID of course not to mention
alcohol is pretty cheap a bottle of soju
costs less than a bottle of water in
most Western countries and Koreans don't
have to worry much about hangovers they
have a lot of reliable home remedies for
that from a specific soup they'd in the
morning after a night of partying two
miraculous grapefruit ice cream
number seven if you decide to move into
a new house in South Korea and throw a
housewarming party don't trouble
yourself with buying laundry detergent
cleaners or toilet paper your guests
will bring all the household supplies
you'll need and they'll bring a lot so
clean some space in your cabinets this
is actually a really practical gift if
you think about it every country should
do this number six
South Koreans love showing off the
relationships they do it not only on
social media but also publicly they kiss
hold hands and even wear matching
clothes number five very few South
Koreans decide not to get married but if
they do they're referred to as a big
baby it's lying marriages come in two
types charm I arranged and yone I for
love
number four South Koreans have been the
biggest credit card users in the world
since 2011 every person in this country
makes an average of a hundred 29.7
transactions per year while Americans
carry out just seventy seven point nine
yearly
number three South Korean taxis are
color-coded
white and gray cars provide basic
service and their drivers are qualified
but potentially inexperienced and you're
looking for a luxury car with an
experienced driver choose a black taxi
number two in South Korea you can find
special love motels these are extremely
popular hotels with tiny outrageously
decorated rooms couples can spend the
whole night there or just a couple of
hours love motels aren't hard to find in
major cities and you don't have to use
them just for romantic evenings they're
so clean and comfy that even tourists
and businessmen on short trips check in
for a night number one compared with any
other nation Korean people have the
biggest desire to change the way they
look
plastic surgery isn't just widespread in
this country it's completely normal in
major cities you'll see advertisements
everywhere telling people to go under
the knife to improve their appearance
one of the most desired looks is the
heart-shaped face to get it many Koreans
are ready and willing to undergo huge
complicated surgeries this often
involves breaking the jaw bones in three
pieces
removing the central part and fusing the
other two together to create a more
pointed chin after having this kind of
operation a person can't have solid food
for a long time
pain is beauty my gas according to a
2012 survey the inhabitants of South
Korea visit a plastic surgeon more often
than any other nation see for yourself
at least 20% of women aged 20 to 50 have
had at least one surgery to improve
their so-called imperfections what's
more a lot of wealthier families buy
their teenage children a double eyelid
surgery as their sweet 16th birthday
present this is a really common
operation that makes the eyes look
larger and friendlier
which fact about South Korea impressed
you the most tell us in the comments
below if you had a good time watching
this video hit the like button and
remember to subscribe to our Channel
[Music]